[4.1.0] Update choreo connet docs for endpoints, update, soap (#6382)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/update-choreo-connect.md

!!! Info
    For more information on this, refer to the official documentation for [Updates Portal](https://updates.docs.wso2.com/en/latest/updates/updates-portal/).

## Steps to Update

1. Update the `image` value for all three components of Choreo Connect in the following files.    

    | Deployment Option | Files to update |
    |-------------------|-----------------|
    | Docker Compose    | `docker-compose.yaml`    |
    | Kubernetes        | `adapter-deployment.yaml` and `choreo-connect-deployment.yaml` |

>     Following is an example on updating Choreo Connect 1.1.0 to update level 9.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Following is an example on updating Choreo Connect {{choreo_connect.version}} to update level 9.
```

    | Component | Image |
    |-----------|-------|   

>     | Adapter | `docker.wso2.com/choreo-connect-adapter:1.1.0.9` |
>     | Enforcer | ` docker.wso2.com/choreo-connect-enforcer:1.1.0.9` |
>     | Router | `docker.wso2.com/choreo-connect-enforcer:1.1.0.9` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Adapter | `docker.wso2.com/choreo-connect-adapter:{{choreo_connect.version}}.9` |
    | Enforcer | ` docker.wso2.com/choreo-connect-enforcer:{{choreo_connect.version}}.9` |
    | Router | `docker.wso2.com/choreo-connect-enforcer:{{choreo_connect.version}}.9` |
```
